hi I'm Dennis fear executive chef here
at the red clover and men in Vermont and
today I'm gonna show you how to prevent
escargot the ingredients today for the
escargot is we have some sliced chives
some brunoise shallots some chart garlic
of course escargot some white wine some
white stock we're gonna use a little
tomato product some heavy cream and a
little bit of butter and obviously we'll
be seasoning that with kosher salt which
you can use sea salt as well both of
them work perfect and now we're gonna
take this right over to the stove so I
can show you how we can say these eschar
goes right up so right now we're going
to add these Escott rows to the pan
we're going to start off with a little
bit of the garlic and the shallots then
we're gonna add the escargot in we're
gonna add a little bit of white wine
reduce the white wine down with the
snails in the in the pan then a little
bit of tomato product finishing off with
a little bit of cream some butter and
some herbs and we're gonna season this
right at the end when we're starting
when you start saying pretty much
anything you want to start off on a hot
pan so here we have a hot pan a little
olive oil in it we're gonna add our
charlotte's and garlic now this garlic
you want to get a little toasty does it
mean burnt but you can see how it's just
getting nice and brown that's when we're
gonna add our escargot toss those a
little tomato and a little bit of white
wine to this now we're gonna cook this
down toasting the garlic like we did in
getting it that little bit of brown
color gives it a little nutty flavor
when you're doing a scampi and some of
our other videos you might might have
seen you don't want to touch the garlic
you want it to be nice and white and
that captures the essence of the garlic
flavor when you toast it a little bit
brings out a different nuttiness to the
garlic again we're reducing the white
wine which is the evaporation of liquid
concentrations flavors also thickens
your sauce all right I'm gonna add a
touch of heavy cream a few Pat's of
butter I'm gonna swirl that in at this
point we're gonna season with some salt
I'm gonna reduce the heavy cream and
then to finish this dish we're gonna add
some herbs I'm gonna end with a little
bit of chopped parsley you can see the
sausage sauce getting nice and thick now
get a nice white sauce
some beautiful red chunks of tomato
specula with the green herbs and this is
how you make escargot I'm Denis Vieira
executive chef of the red clover and
mendon Vermont
you